Adds helpful hotkeys. Change hotkey assignments in Settings/Mod Controls.

Cycle Ammo: Defaults to the Period key.
    Cycles the ammo in the ammo slots. Quickly switch ammo to adapt to situations. Hold for 1 second to enable/disable Auto Cycle Ammo Mode. In Auto Cycle Ammo Mode, ammo is cycled each time ammo would be used.

Auto Torch: Defaults to the Tilde/Backtick key.
    Automatically places a torch from your inventory in the world as close to the mouse cursor as possible. Great for placing torches quickly while exploring without worrying about aiming the mouse to find a suitable wall or tile to attach to.

Auto Recall: Defaults to the Home key.
    Automatically uses a Magic Mirror, Cellphone, or Recall Potion from your inventory. No longer does your magic mirror need to occupy precious space on your hotbar.

Quick Stack to Chests: Defaults to - (Minus, like, get rid of this junk.)
    If using a chest, Quick Stacks to that chest, otherwise, Quick Stacks to nearby chests. Simply a keyboard shortcut to the buttons. Just hold down the hotkey and run through your treasure room!

Smart Quick Stack to Chests: Defaults to \ (the \ and | key near backspace)
    Like normal quickstack, except it is super smart. If you have a Wooden Axe in a chest, it'll place your Iron Axe in as well. Keep what you want to keep favorited. Solves Chest organization intuitively.

Quick Buff Favorited Only: Defaults to B (You'll want to remap the original Quick Buff)
    Just like Quick Buff, but only attempts to use the potions that have been favorited (Alt-click). No longer need you fight bosses with Sonar, Fishing, Crate, Spelunker, etc potions.

Query Mod Origin: Defaults to the /? button
    Hover over an item, NPC, buff, tile, or wall and a message will tell you which Mod the thing came from.

Toggle Autopause: Defaults to P
    Toggles the autopause setting. 

Quick Use Item #20: Defaults to L
    Use the item in slot 20. (2nd row, far right. Most useful for Rod of Discord and Money Trough)

Quick Use Config Item: No Default
    Use the item specified in the config, regardless of slot, if found in inventory. Similar to Quick Use Item #20 but allows the item to be moved.

Swap Armor and Vanity: No Default
    This will swap all armor in vanity with equipped armor, but only if the vanity slot is actual armor and not vanity. Hold for half a second to additionally swap accessories.

Swap Hotbar: No Default
    This will swap the hotbar and the 1st row of inventory. Useful for swapping weapon and tool loadouts.

Cycling Quick Mount: No Default
    A special Quick Mount hotkey that will cycle through all available mounts rather than just one. If used, simply replace the vanilla Quick Mount with this more versatile alternative.

Hold Mount: No Default
    A special Quick Mount hotkey that will mount you when pressed and unmount when you release the hotkey.

Switch Frame Skip Mode: No Default
    Cycles between frame skip off, on, and subtle.

Dash: No Default
    Use this if you prefer to dash via a hotkey rather than the double tap method. There is a config option to disable double tap dashing if you want to avoid accidentally dashing the normal way.